therapy abuse your brave girl so what's
the story young lady
we're on our way to Minneapolis it
wasn't an accident
nice out well sooner or later everybody
does right dad I nearly had you that
night
since you're traveling I'd like to do a
cat scan daddy's gonna take care of us
I'm gonna wait right here for you when
you get out it's been hours you know how
much longer it's gonna be what was her
name again
Harry Monroe I'm not seeing a Perry
Monroe there hasn't been a scan since 9
o'clock this morning what are you
telling me they're not here at the whole
day in front of you not finding any
Monroe's I just want to see my wife and
daughter do you have any food don't
record in the treatment areas the rent
that the camera can't see them because
of the chairs you get a better angle
you saw my little girl you treated her
own well I've got to go on is your word
that they were here at all thinks I'm
making them up
why would I have my daughter scarf
another something wrong with this place
she would you the picture that could be
anybody
where's concerned about them as you are
so awkward nobody needs to get hurt
I mean he's a head case
[Music]